# OncoKB Privacy Notice

**Last Updated: April 3rd, 2025**

The OncoKB<sup>TM</sup> Precision Oncology Knowledge Base (“**OncoKB**”
or the “**Platform**”) is operated by Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer
Center (“**MSK**,” “**we**”, “**our**” or “**us**”). MSK is committed
to the individual privacy of every user (defined below) of OncoKB.

By providing your Personal Data to MSK or otherwise using OncoKB, you
understand that we may collect, use, and disclose your information as
described in this OncoKB Privacy Notice (this “**Privacy Notice**”).
This Privacy Notice is not a contract and does not create any
contractual rights or obligations.

Please use these links to jump to any portion of this Privacy Notice
that interests you or scroll down to read along.

<TableOfContents/>

## What this Notice Covers

This Privacy Notice describes how we collect, use, and disclose the
Personal Data (defined below) that we collect or receive through OncoKB.

OncoKB is made available to users (“**users**”) via licenses which
include different rights and permissions depending on the users’ use
case, which include the following:

- License for use of OncoKB data in a commercial product (a
  “**Commercial Use License**”);

- License for research use in a commercial setting (a “**Commercial
  Research License**”);

- License for patient services or reports in a hospital setting (a
  “**Clinical Use License**”); and

- License for research use in an academic setting (an “**Academic Use
  License**”).

Any information collected from users through the Platform will be used
and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Notice.

## The Information We Collect and Use

When we use the term “**Personal Data**” we mean information that we
directly associate with a specific person, or that we can reasonably use
to identify a specific person such as a name or email address. We
collect and use Personal Data through your use of OncoKB in the
following ways:

### 1. Personal Data You Provide to Us

We collect Personal Data when you choose to share that information with
us, including in the following ways.

#### <u>All OncoKB Users:</u>

- When you register to use OncoKB, you will be asked to submit Personal
  Data which may include your name, job title/position, and email
  address. We use this information to set up and administer your OncoKB
  account, provide services to you, and manage your account.

- We may collect Personal Data and use it to manage how we communicate
  with you. For example, we may use your email address to alert you that
  you have a message waiting in OncoKB.

#### <u>Users with a Commercial Use License or a Commercial Research License:</u>

- When you register for a Commercial Use License or a Commercial
  Research License, you will be asked to submit additional Personal Data
  which may include the company you work for, your business address,
  phone number, and a description of how you plan to use OncoKB. We use
  this information to set up and administer your OncoKB account.

#### <u>Users with a Clinical Use License:</u>

- When you register for a Clinical Use License, you will be asked to
  submit additional Personal Data which may include the hospital you
  work for, your work address, phone number, and a description of how
  you plan to use OncoKB. We use this information to set up and
  administer your OncoKB account.

#### <u>An Academic Use License:</u>

- When you register for an Academic Use License, you will be asked to
  submit additional Personal Data which may include the institution or
  university you work for or are a student at, institution address,
  phone number, and a description of how you plan to use OncoKB. We use
  this information to set up and administer your OncoKB account.

- If you request access to download OncoKB content and/or API access to
  OncoKB, you will be asked to confirm your status as either a student
  or employee of the institution you are affiliated with.

### 2. Information We Collect Automatically

We use certain technologies in OncoKB to automatically collect
information during your use of OncoKB (“**Other Information**”). If we
associate Other Information with Personal Data, we will treat the
combined information as Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy
Notice.

The technologies we use to collect Personal Data and other information
include the following:

- **<u>Web Log File Data</u>**. Like most other websites or mobile
  applications, we collect some basic information automatically about
  you and store it in log files. This information may include IP
  address, device type, browser type, internet service provider, pages
  you visit from and pages you go to after leaving OncoKB, pages you
  visit on OncoKB, date and time stamp, and clickstream data. We use
  this information for the management and administration of OncoKB, to
  improve the content, overall performance and user experience on
  OncoKB, for fraud protection and for protecting our rights.

- **<u>Data from Cookies and Other Data Collection Technologies</u>**. 
  We and our service providers use cookies, web beacons and similar
  technologies to manage OncoKB and to collect information about you
  when you use OncoKB. These technologies help us to recognize you,
  analyze your use of OncoKB and identify solutions for how to make
  OncoKB more useful. These technologies also allow us to enhance the
  usability of OncoKB by aggregating demographic and statistical data
  and providing this information to our service providers.

- **<u>Information for Analytics</u>**. We use analytics providers to
  help us track certain information about your activity in OncoKB, and
  to evaluate and measure the use and performance of OncoKB. We may
  combine this information with other information we have about you to
  help us improve OncoKB and our service to you.

Please see more information on analytics and data collection
technologies and the choices you can make in the “Your Choices” section
of this Privacy Notice.

### 3. Additional Uses of Personal Data

In addition to the uses described above, we may, consistent with our
other legal obligations, use your Personal Data for the following
purposes:

- Maintaining, delivering and improving OncoKB and our services;

- Contacting you to respond to your requests or inquiries and provide
  support;

- Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and
  administrative messages;

- Contacting you about programs, products, or services that we believe
  may be of interest to you, new service announcements, or event
  invitations;

- Developing new resources and services;

- Conducting, managing and growing our business operations;

- Preventing, investigating and providing notice of fraud, unlawful or
  criminal activity or unauthorized access to or use of Personal Data,
  OncoKB or our data systems, or to meet our legal obligations;

- Investigating and resolving disputes and security issues and enforcing
  our Portal Terms and Conditions; and

- Carrying out any other purpose for which the information was
  collected.

We also may use aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot
reasonably be used to identify you. Once de-identified and aggregated so
that data does not personally identify you (for example, we may
aggregate data in order to improve our automation and improve care), it
is no longer Personal Data. Such de-identified or aggregated information
which does not identify individuals is not subject to this Privacy
Notice.

## How We Disclose Personal Data

We may disclose Personal Data collected through OncoKB as described in
the sections above, for the reason(s) provided to you at the time we
collect it, with your authorization or consent, and in the following
ways:

- **<u>Third-Party Service Providers</u>**. We may disclose Personal
  Data to vendors who perform services on our behalf, including, but not
  limited to helping us manage OncoKB, manage our communication channels
  and conduct analytics, and providers involved in hosting and
  monitoring OncoKB.

- **<u>Affiliates</u>.** We may disclose Personal Data between and among
  MSK and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and
  other companies under common control and ownership.

- **<u>Legal Process, Safety and Terms Enforcement</u>.** We may
  disclose your Personal Data to legal or government regulatory
  authorities in response to a search warrant, subpoena, court order or
  other request for such information or to assist in investigations. We
  may also disclose your Personal Data to third parties in connection
  with claims, disputes or litigation, when otherwise required by law,
  if we determine such disclosure is necessary to protect the health and
  safety of us or our users or to enforce our legal rights or
  contractual commitments that users have made.

- **<u>Business Transfers</u>.** We may disclose Personal Data as a part
  of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition,
  reorganization, divestiture, dissolution, joint venture or financing,
  bankruptcy or sale of all or a portion of our assets.

## Security

We seek to use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative
measures designed to protect Personal Data within our organization.
Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed
to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction
with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security
of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us as
described in the "Contact Us" section below.

## Links to Other Websites or Mobile Applications

OncoKB may contain links to websites or mobile applications owned and
operated by third parties. Other websites may also reference or link to
OncoKB. These other web sites are not controlled by MSK. A link to a
third party’s website or mobile application does not imply an
endorsement of that website’s or mobile application's content or
services. This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not
responsible for, the privacy practices of third-party websites or mobile
applications that are not owned by us. We encourage you to read privacy
statements of any third-party websites or mobile applications to learn
about their information practices. Visiting these other websites and
mobile applications is at your own risk.

## How we Respond to “Do Not Track” Signals

Some web browsers have “Do Not Track” or similar features that allow you
to tell each website you visit that you do not want your activities on
that website tracked. At present, OncoKB does not respond to “Do Not
Track” signals and consequently, OncoKB will continue to collect
information about you even if your browser’s “Do Not Track” feature is
activated.

## Notices to Individuals Located Outside of the United States

### 1. Notice to Individuals Located in the United Kingdom, European Economic Area, and Switzerland

This Privacy Notice describes ways in which you may provide information
to MSK using OncoKB.  Personal Data about individuals located in the
European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland (generally
referred to here as the “EU”) are subject to special protections under
EU law when the processing of those data are within the scope of the
European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation
2016/679), its incorporation into the laws of England and Wales,
Scotland, and Northern Ireland by virtue of the UK European Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 and/or the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection,
as applicable (together, the “GDPR”).  This Notice to Individuals
Located in the United Kingdom, European Economic Area, and Switzerland
(the “GDPR OncoKB Notice”) applies to MSK’s processing of Personal Data
that is within the scope of the GDPR, which we call collectively the
“GDPR Processing Activities.”  This GDPR OncoKB Notice applies only to
GDPR Processing Activities involving Personal Data collected through
OncoKB.  When you use OncoKB to transfer your Personal Data to MSK in
the United States for GDPR Processing Activities, MSK is a controller of
this Personal Data.

We rely on separate and overlapping bases to process your Personal Data
lawfully.  MSK will use the Personal Data provided through or collected
on OncoKB only for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.  
MSK’s legal bases for processing your Personal Data include providing
you with the information or services that you have requested, furthering
our legitimate interests, and your consent, if applicable. Legitimate
interests that we rely on in processing your Personal Data include (i)
improving and customizing OncoKB for you, (ii) understanding how OncoKB
is being used, (iii) exploring ways to develop and grow our operations,
(iv) ensuring the safety and security of OncoKB, and (v) enhancing
protection against fraud, spam, harassment, intellectual property
infringement, crime and security risks.  Without the ability to collect
and process your Personal Data, MSK would not be able to achieve those
interests.  We may also use your Personal Data for purposes, including
scientific research if applicable, that are compatible with the purposes
for which such data were initially collected.

If our processing is based solely on consent, you have the right to
withdraw your consent.

You may withdraw your consent by contacting us as set forth in the
“Contact Us” section below.  Please note that, in certain cases, we may
continue to process your Personal Data after you have withdrawn consent,
if we have a legal basis to do so.  For example, we may retain certain
information if we need to do so to comply with an independent legal
obligation, or if it is necessary to do so to pursue our legitimate
interest in keeping OncoKB safe and secure.

MSK is located in the United States.  When you enter your Personal Data
through OncoKB, the data may be transferred to, stored, and processed in
the United States, and could be transferred to, stored and processed in
another country outside of the EU.  Please be aware that the appropriate
EU government authorities have not found the United States, and possibly
other countries to which your Personal Data may be transferred, to
provide adequate safeguards for the protection of Personal Data.
 However, MSK will take steps to maintain the privacy of your Personal
Data as described in this Privacy Notice.  If MSK transfers your
Personal Data outside the EU, we will do so in reliance on mechanisms
recognized under the GDPR.  This includes (i) transferring your Personal
Data to countries that appropriate EU government authorities have
determined to provide adequate data protection, (ii) obtaining your
consent to transfer your Personal Data outside the EU after first
informing you about the possible risks of such a transfer, (iii)
transferring your information outside the EU if the transfer is
necessary to the performance of a contract between you and MSK, or (iv)
transferring your information outside the EU if necessary to establish,
exercise or defend legal claims.

We will retain your Personal Data for as long as is necessary for the
purposes set out in this Privacy Notice (for example, if you have an
account, for as long as your account is active), subject to your right,
under certain circumstances, to have certain of your Personal Data
erased, as discussed in the next paragraph, unless a longer period is
required under applicable law or is needed to resolve disputes or
protect our legal rights.

If your Personal Data is processed for GDPR Processing Activities, you
have the right to (1) see Personal Data that MSK holds about you and
receive any details required to be provided to you under applicable law,
(2) correct or update your Personal Data, if inaccurate, (3) limit
collection and use of your Personal Data under certain circumstances
(for example, if you think it is inaccurate), (4) receive your Personal
Data in an electronic format as required by law, except Personal Data
that has been used for public interest purposes or for MSK’s required
legal obligations, (5) request deletion of your Personal Data, subject
to MSK’s need to keep such data to comply with legal requirements, to
preserve the integrity of a research study, or to allow MSK to defend
itself from legal claims, and (6) file a complaint with a data
protection authority (see [this
link](https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm)).
 If you have questions about the processing of your Personal Data or
rights associated with your Personal Data, see the section “Contact Us”
below.

### 2. Notice to Individuals Located in the People’s Republic of China

Individuals located in the People’s Republic of China are afforded
certain protections where the handling of their Personal Data is within
the scope of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s
Republic of China (the “PIPL”).

This notice applies to MSK’s processing of Personal Data that is within
the scope of the PIPL, and describes how the information that you
transmit to MSK via OncoKB will be used by MSK.

In this notice, Personal Data shall have the same meaning as “Personal
Information” under the PIPL. Personal Data includes information that
relates to you, including but not limited to your name, address, and
demographic information.

MSK is a Handler of your Personal Data for the purposes of the PIPL.

#### Description of Personal Data Handling

MSK will handle your Personal Data for the following purposes:

- To comply with MSK’s statutory duties, responsibilities,
  and obligations, including responding to requests of regulatory
  agencies.

- To establish and defend against legal claims. To support MSK’s
  business and institutional interests (for example, conducting quality
  assurance and improvement activities and managing MSK’s business
  operations.

- To respond to your questions and/or your requests to exercise your
  rights over your Personal Data as provided by the PIPL.

In order to achieve the purpose for which MSK will handle your Personal
Data, MSK will handle the following categories of Personal Data.

- Basic personal information, such as your name, date of birth, gender,
  family relation, address, personal phone number, or email.

- Personal identity information, such as your ID number, passport, or
  resident certificate.

- Personal property information, such as financial information or
  insurance information.

- Other information, such as emergency contacts.

MSK will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill
the purposes outline in this Privacy Notice, unless a different
retention period is required by law.

In order to achieve the above purposes, MSK will use various handling
methods, including by collecting your Personal Data from you through
email, secure web forms, physical mail, and/or digital portals. Once
MSK receives your Personal Data, MSK will store your Personal Data in a
data center owned by MSK, as well as in platforms owned by MSK or
provided by entrusted persons designed to store such data.

The following types of persons and entities at, or affiliated with, MSK,
will handle your Personal Data in order to achieve the purposes outlined
in this notice:

- Contractors, vendors, collaborating entities and other entrusted
  personnel that support OncoKB.

### Your Rights Provided in the Law

You have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data as provided
in the PIPL, including as follows:

- You have the right to consult or copy Personal
  Data that MSK holds about you.

- You have the right request that your Personal Data be transferred to
  another Personal Data Handler. If you make this request, MSK will
  transfer your Personal Data or provide a channel through which you may
  transfer your Personal Data.

- You have the right to correct or update your Personal
  Data if it is inaccurate.

- You have the right to limit or refuse the
  collection and use of your Personal Data unless laws or administrative
  regulations stipulate otherwise.

- If information handling is based on your consent, you have the right
  to rescind consent.

- You have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Data.
  However, there are limits on your ability to request deletion of your
  Personal Data. For example, MSK may keep and use some or all of your
  Personal Data if necessary to comply with legal requirements, or where
  the deletion of your Personal Data is technically hard to realize, in
  which case MSK shall cease handling your Personal Data except for
  storage and shall take necessary security protective measures.

If you have questions about the processing of your Personal Data or
rights associated with your Personal Data, see the section “Contact Us”
below.

## Changes to this Privacy Notice

We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at any time. If we
make changes, we will notify you by revising the “Last Updated” date at
the top of this Privacy Notice and, in some cases, we may provide you
with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or
sending you a notification). Therefore, please check this Privacy Notice
periodically for updates and to stay informed about our information
practices.

### Your Choices

#### Account Information

You may request that we update, correct or delete information about you
in OncoKB, or close your Portal account at any time by contacting us as
described in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that even if
you close your account, we may retain certain information as required by
law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or
archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.

#### Cookies and Analytics Tools

You may enable or disable certain types of cookies via the cookie
preference center, accessible by clicking the “Cookie preferences”
button at the footer of [www.oncokb.org](http://www.oncokb.org). In
addition, most browsers allow you to turn off certain cookies if you do
not want your preferences tracked. However, you must enable strictly
necessary cookies in your browser so you can use OncoKB. The “help” menu
on most internet browsers contains information on how to control
cookies, or you can visit [www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/](http://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/).

## Contact Us

If you need technical assistance with OncoKB you may contact MSK at <contact@oncokb.org>.

To ask questions about this Privacy Notice or other privacy-related
matters, you may contact our Privacy Office in the following ways:

MAILING ADDRESS:<br/>
Privacy Office<br/>
Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center<br/>
633 Third Avenue<br/>
New York, NY 10017

TELEPHONE:<br/>
646-227-2056

EMAIL:<br/>
[privacy@mskcc.org](mailto:privacy@mskcc.org)

If you are in the European Union, you may address GDPR-related inquiries
to our EU representative at:

EU-REP.Global GmbH<br/>
Attn: MSKCC<br/>
Hopfenstr. 1d, 24114 Kiel, Germany<br/>
<mskcc@eu-rep.global>

If you are in the United Kingdom, you may address UK GDPR
privacy-related inquiries to our UK representative at:

DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd.<br/>
Attn: MSKCC<br/>
16 Great Queen Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom<br/>
<mskcc@eu-rep.global>
